doc: update overview (#415)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-ppk: doc/docs/overview.md

#### Spike filter

![Advanced controls for spike filter](./screenshots/ppk2_advanced_spike.png "Advanced controls for spike filter")

Whenever a dynamic range switching occurs, induced inductance may cause the first samples to be higher than the actual value.

Use the sliders to set the following:

- Samples to smooth - The number of samples after a dynamic range switch to apply the filer.
- Coefficient for range 1–4 - The magnitude of the spike filter for range 1–4. The higher the value, the more filtering will be applied.
- Coefficient for range 5 - The magnitude of the spike filter for range 5. The higher the value, the more filtering will be applied.

#### Voltage limit

![Advanced controls for voltage limit](./screenshots/ppk2_advanced_voltage.png "Advanced controls for voltage limit")

Use this control to set the voltage limit for the measurement.

## Feedback tab

The Feedback tab lets you send feedback about nRF Connect Power Profiler application to the application development team.

> ## About tab

Author: @kylebonnici , can we add "Open documentation" button to this tab? Pointing to https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrf-connect-ppk ?

> ## About tab

Author: Can we also add to the "In this app" shortcut list:

- Select measurement range: SHIFT + LMB and drag mouse
- Scroll measurement chart: ALT + mouse wheel

Also, some entries in the shortcuts are currently duplicated, @kylebonnici .

## Select Device

Once you connect a device to the system, it becomes visible and available when you click on the **Select device** drop-down list. You can choose a device from the list of connected devices to perform further actions on the device such as programming.

You can access the following options by selecting the arrow under the device name.

- Show the device at the top of the list by making it favorite.
- Rename the device.
- View device COM ports.

## Device panel sections

Before you select a device, you can only load a power profiler file, open a link to an online purchase page, check documentation, or configure temporary disk data.

More options become available after selecting a device. Some options are specific to the chosen sampling mode.

### Load

The **Load** button lets you open a `.ppk2` or a `.ppk` power profiler file.

!!! note "Note"
      Loading a `.ppk` file will automatically convert it to a `.ppk2` file.
      The new file will be saved next to the original `.ppk` file.

      Support for converting `.ppk` files will be removed in the future.

### Temp disk

![Temp disk data controls](./screenshots/ppk2_temp_disk_data.png "Temp disk data controls")

> These options only appear before selecting the device and for the **Data logger** sampling mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options only appear before selecting the device or when the device is selected and on the **Data logger** sampling mode (tab?). 
```

### Sampling parameters

Here you can select the sampling parameters. The parameters are different depending on the sampling mode.

This is also where you can **Start** sampling.

![Start button](./screenshots/ppk2_device_panel_sampling_start.PNG "Start button")

After sampling starts, the **Start** button changes to **Stop**.
Before you can start sampling again, [**Save/Export**](#other-options) the session data or take a [**Screenshot**](#other-options)
If you don't, you will be prompted about saving any unsaved sampling data before you start sampling again.

#### Data logger parameters

![Sampling parameters for Data logger](./screenshots/ppk2_device_panel_sampling_live.png "Sampling parameters for Data logger")

When sampling in the **Data logger** mode, you can select the amount of samples per second that will be recorded.
The slider lets you select different values up to 100 000 samples per second (100 kHz).
You can also specify how long the sampling is supposed to last.

After pressing **Start**, the sampling lasts to the moment the sampling time value is reached.

> If you disable **Auto stop sampling**, the sampling will last until you **Stop** it.

Reviewer: This has been combined in the unit dropdown  with forever option

### Display options

The following table lists the available display options.

| Option                            | Description                                                                                          |
|-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Timestamps**                    | Show or hide the timestamps at the bottom of the sampling chart.                                     |
| **Relative** and **Absolute**     | Select how the time value of the **Timestamps** is to be displayed: relative to the start of the sampling or using machine time (UTC, adjusted per time zone of the machine settings).<br/><br/>If you [**Load**](#device-panel-sections) an old `.ppk` file, the timestamp value will not be shown because of the lack of metadata.         |
| **Digital channels**              | Show or hide the [digital channels](#digital-channels) under the sampling chart.                     |

> | **Show Minimap**                  | Toggle to show or hide the navigable minimap under the **Data logger**'s chart. You can use the minimap to inspect the logged sampling results. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Show Minimap**                  | Toggle to show or hide the navigable minimap under the **Data logger**'s chart. You can use the minimap to inspect the logged sampling results and navigate quickly in time range of the recording. |
```

When sampling in the **Data logger** mode, you can select the amount of samples per second that will be recorded.
The slider lets you select different values up to 100 000 samples per second (100 kHz).

> You can also specify how long the sampling is supposed to last (**300** seconds by default).

Reviewer: Default is forever i.e. no time limit

After pressing **Start**, the sampling lasts to the moment the sampling time value is reached.

> If you specified the sampling to last **forever**, the sampling will last until you manually **Stop** it.

Reviewer: or disk is full as per the Test Disk Full trigger
